before the match they aired a clip of
doc saying that he's never gonna argue
with you because you were on SKT does a
dog ever argue with you uh he tracked
one time and then I on him
[Laughter]
well it is the second week of LCS right
now I'm joined by hooni and well things
are looking pretty good for you you guys
are now the only three o team we'll see
what happens after the match that's
playing right now but things are looking
really good did you expect to be doing
so well
this early in the split yeah because I'm
pretty sure that I can lead to my team
to be the new teammates like new stuff
that is it's for me it's like it's not
even new anymore because like I happy in
fnatic I have been in morals I have been
SKT I have been echo fox so it's like
happen for playing for years and for
teams that means I'm really I can
actually say that I'm the fastest that
guy that getting used to with the T as a
team so and also I have great results
everything and regular season so I had a
lot of confidence to play on regular
season and I got more focus on the just
playoff and tried to be like you know
MSI finals I mean we'll see we'll see I
mean I mean one point in time you told
me you were already preparing preparing
for MSI do you remember the last time
you told me that I mean that's 2017 so
that's a 16 you told me I mean yeah I
was preparing 2017 oh I see yeah so wait
and 2006 okay yes yeah like I finally
won the MSI for 2017 that's what that's
why I crept in you know yeah I
understand yes when you were on
immortals you were preparing for 2017
MSI with SKT finally I understand in
2017 with SKT you were preparing for
2018 MSI with a cup of coarse of course
very smart I like this you're thinking
ahead it's very good you need to be like
everything one had to be a lot you know
to leader you know you should be always
to be mine at the head on the top you
know soon
you're better pre-planning your
international events on writers my point
is that during this week I do
show called hotline League and I there's
a guy named mark Z who you've seen on
the analyst desk you probably know him
he says he thinks you are the best
player in na LCS right now do you agree
with him I mean I mean we will see so
I'm pretty sure that I can prove that's
why I'm here just and it comes becoming
na LCS for me that means he's just
proving I'm the best player in the rest
America - and I'll be the best player
also well hey you told me that you were
on four teams over the course of four
years does that mean that five teams
over the five years um I don't know like
I'm always like trying to be open
because it's really fun to actually
getting new experience because you know
just get more people and get more
experience it's like just grow as a
growing wise I think is really good like
I can't tell how am i growth just
compared to when I just got fnatic so so
for cloud nine I'm very curious what you
think of them
hopefully my producer will stop swaying
and blocking the light but if you you
just play cloud nine it was really crazy
what do you think of that matchup
because it's eat like they were joking
in the analyst testing it's gonna be the
best of the split first of all like week
one I had a really good matchup that on
the top and for now I didn't have that
good matchup for just I was just picking
for my team and from there is I kind of
I couldn't snowball and fast that fast
as much as Vic one compared to week one
so I think from there just it's just
different and also the scene on top
laner that it called the cool a click or
yeah Rick crush so he I think is really
good I actually had never met before him
but he was really good at laning phase
also he knows how to play the league so
I actually impressed yeah I mean he's
gonna be he's this is his first or
second week of LCS so do you think he's
gonna be you think he'll be a star
I mean it's Tyrese here so okay sorry do
you think he can be like a little star
I mean yeah but I'm pretty sure he's
actually good like I asked impressed in
any face he was like pressuring a lot
but we still play really bad so that's
why it happens so basically our last
week the practice was not going well
so I expect it to be it's gonna be tough
game and also I'm expecting that
tomorrow it's not gonna be easy to so we
need to be like more clear and then next
week should be like more improved on
during before the match they aired a
clip of da Rock saying that he's never
gonna argue with you because you were on
SKT does Dora dog ever argue with you uh
he tried one time and then I on him
what happened I mean I mean I didn't she
don't even he does not even argue like
it was trying to be more you know like
conversation that which path or like
everything like trying to be more which
one would be better for both you know
try to be not not the selfish so I was
just telling him that you could have
done like these deities and then he was
trying to be something this this this
but I said this this this and he agreed
yeah so he's just basically like I'm
really happy to see that actually he's
trying to be improved as a personality
because he knew that you know everyone
says that their dog has some problem and
I'm really happy to see that he's
working on it okay you guys seem pretty
impressive but also you guys are kind of
a new team to the LCS are you worried at
all that this is gonna be just like when
you were on immortals really good start
really good split and then playoffs
becomes an issue I mean I don't know I
just need to try hard and try to be
better at battery and also as a team I
know that my experience and my career as
a tutor 2017 I learned a lot I improved
a lot
so from there I will use the experience
meant to be here it seems like you had
some big fans that came out to see you
this is this frequent for you because I
had not seen these people before at the
LCS
I mean I don't know I mean it's really
good to see that fans are it's
to analysis to see me and then they even
get me dark some gift what you get I
don't know I haven't open it so I'll
find that later is there anything that
you want to say to any of the fans I'm
first of all I really appreciate it to
me that even though I transfer a lot
like OS there's my fans and trying to
always cheer for me even like current
fans like they're just like sending
stuff to my office to like it's really
insane so I really just happy I'm just
really happy and I will try to working
one a lot and try to be na LCS champion
to be more happy okay I'm excited I'm
excited to see how happy you can get for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
brought to you on this YouTube channel
by Omni slash way I forgot to shout out
at the beginning of this thank you so
much honey and stay tuned for more
hey everyone hope you enjoyed that
interview you should be very happy not a
mediocre team liquid interview I do so
many of those that he was so boring I
just whatever and so if you'd like to
see more interviews brought to you by
Omni slash you can do that right here on
my youtube channel